KDE Frameworks is a collection of libraries and software frameworks readily available to any Qt-based software stacks or applications on multiple operating systems. the collection serves as the technological foundation for KDE Plasma and KDE Gear.

the frameworks have a clear dependency structure, divided into categories and tiers the frameworks were split into several individual frameworks, some of which were integrated into Qt 5.2. the frameworks are grouped in four different tiers according to dependency on other libraries.

the core of Kross provides the framework to deal transparently with interpreter-back-ends. it enables developers to write applications that run natively on Android, iOS, Windows, Plasma Mobile and any classic Linux desktop environment without code adjustments.

frameworks 5 was based on version 4 of the Qt widget toolkit. the frameworks 5 was based on version 5 of the Qt widget toolkit. the frameworks 5 is now referred to as KDE Frameworks.

downtown Milwaukee is bounded by Lake Michigan to the east, Interstate 43 to the west, and the three rivers of the confluence to the south. the area that is now Downtown Milwaukee was once likely home to members of the Winnebago, Menominee and Potawatomi tribes.

downtown Milwaukee declined during the rise of suburbanization and the decline of traditional downtown areas across America. in the 1950s, regional highway construction began. downtown Milwaukee was the center of the region is economic engine. downtown Milwaukee was the center of the region is economic engine.

downtown Milwaukee covers 2.5 square miles with a recorded population of 26,710 in 2020. the district includes several neighborhoods with distinctive land use patterns, architectural styles and histories. the neighborhood also includes the Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist and Old St. Mary is Church.

the neighborhood is located within the eastern portion of downtown Milwaukee is central business district. the neighborhood is located within the east town boundaries, but closer to the lake and north of downtown. the neighborhood has since recovered with the construction of thousands of new apartments in major projects like ascent MKE, Yankee Hill and Juneau Village complexes.

the Shops of Grand Avenue, Wisconsin Center and Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra are located on Wisconsin Avenue. the neighborhood has seen a substantial amount of redevelopment since the 2000s. the downtown area is home to several major parks.

the 75-acre festival park is located in downtown Milwaukee along the shore of Lake Michigan. it plays host to 11 other ethnic and cultural festivals as well as several run and walks for charity events. the park is set atop a closed and redeveloped army base and was opened for public use in 1970.

the winery was founded in 1962 as Associated Vinters by several former professors at the University of Washington. in 1979, the winery hired David Lake as head winemaker and under his stewardship, the winery released wines under its current name. in 1988, the winery moved to its former location in woodinville wine country.

a clause in his contract allowed him to become a free agent in case of relegation. on 31 august 2023, a day after terminating his contract with hertha, he returned to Croatia and joined Hajduk Split on a free transfer.

Hoffman played in the 2006 NRL Grand Final defeat to the Brisbane Broncos. he was part of the Melbourne team which won the grand final. both premierships which Hoffman won with Melbourne were stripped due to the club is breaches of the salary cap between 2006 and 2010.

Hoffman signed a three-year deal with the new Zealand Warriors. the 27-year-old is the second player to have captained the club. he scored the first try of the game in the first half. the new coach Stephen Kearney announced that Hoffman would be replaced.

the channel was launched as the international channel in 1990. it was owned by Liberty Media and JJS II Communications, LLC. the channel was sold to the international cable channels partnership. the channel was sold to the affluent, affluent, english-speaking community.

the network began a transitional phase to cater more towards Asian audiences. the move was officially announced in January 2005. the channel rebranded the international channel to AZN Television. the channel expanded its original productions to just Asian content.

AZN was shut down in 2008 as foreign language tiers with international networks struggled to balance onto a 168-hour weekly schedule. Anime shows were broadcast in Japanese with English subtitles, or English dub. the building is a former Strict Baptist chapel in the ancient town of Farnham, England.

in 1812, he was born in a town called Vinooty in Russian Poland. he was a prominent Jewish family and was forced to leave the country to escape persecution. he became a convert and became a convert himself.

the chapel was designated a Grade II listed building on 29 December 1972. it was one of 1,548 grade II listed buildings and 1,661 listed buildings. the chapel is one of several small chapels built for Strict Baptists in the early to mid-19th century.

shefqet Kastrati founded the Kastrati Group in the early 1990s. he started his career in business following the collapse of the communist regime. he is credited with helping modernize various industries and attracting international attention to albania is private sector.

device is in use by country FDAs, hospitals, pharmacies and big Pharma across the world. it uses AI-enabled spectroscopy to analyse a drugs molecular fingerprint. it can work without internet access and delivers results via a mobile app.

the county seat moved to Greenfield from 1856 to 1874. it was destroyed by fire in 1889 and courthouse functions moved to a nearby opera house until a new structure was completed. the cornerstone for the present courthouse was laid on July 4, 1891.

he made his professional debut with the german club in a 4–2 defeat to Galatasaray. he joined the club on loan for two seasons before returning to the club. on 2 February 2025, he joined Gaziantep.

animation for the film was created by multiple pans and zooms and unexpected scene transitions. the visual style was inspired by 19th-century engraved illustrations of the original story by John Leech. the film won an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film one year later.

Yomawari Sensei is a Japanese autobiographical manga series. it was serialized in monthly Ikki from February 2005 to May 2009. the manga is based on Mizutani is autobiographical book of the same title.

wills Township is one of nineteen townships of Guernsey County, Ohio. as of the 2020 census the population was 1,521. the township is governed by a three-member board of trustees.

the waterway forms part of the south-western boundary of the commune. the river Aisne flows north through the town and continues to join the river. the former hamlets served as the starting point for several French units.

Alan has done vocal work for over three decades. she has also voiced roles for the likes of the Fantastic Four and the fbi. she has also voiced roles for the likes of the fbi, fox, fox and fox.

the town was a city from its founding in 1883 until 2022 when the town disincorporated. the town took its name from an early resident who operated a ferry service on Devils Lake. the lake began shrinking after 1900, and soon became too shallow for commercial vessels.

the city has a total area of 0.43 square miles , all land. the population density was 27.9 inhabitants per square mile there were 5 housing units at an average density of 11.6 per square mile . the racial makeup of the city was 100.0% White.

Emmanuel Pahud, a flautist, was born into a nonmusical family. he was captivated by the sounds of the flute. he was born in Geneva, Switzerland.

Emmanuel pahud is parents moved to baghdad for one year. he was one to the city where his brother was born. he was a flautist who studied in Zürich and Paris.

pahud began his first year of lessons with Philippe and François. he studied at the Music Academy of Uccle in southern Brussels. he studied with Emmanuel from 1979 to 1985. he won the national competition of Belgium.

the 22-year-old was appointed as principal flutist at the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra. he entered the orchestra during its rejuvenation period as the post-war generation began to retire. he was the youngest player in the Berlin Philharmonic.

the Berlin Philharmonic is a very individualist and soloistic large ensemble he has performed at around 160 concerts a year. he has also performed with the german orchestra. he has also performed at leading festivals throughout the world.

pahud has performed internationally with pianist Éric Le Sage and Stephen Kovacevich. he has made international appearances in recital with pianists. he also has a flute and string quartet formation with pianists.

a new thing is how you can combine these effects to make it one phrase. the new thing is how you can combine them and get them to interconnect. the concept is not a novelty in itself. many composers have evolved from traditions such as Bach for Fortepiano and Beethoven for the Hammerklavier.

pahud describes music/musical styles in terms of phrasing or a Phrase. he reflects how the flute finds a resonance within the orchestra. he has collaborated with jazz pianist Jacky Terrasson.

pahud has recorded and/or collaborated 24 discs for EMI. he wants to open opportunities in developing curiosity to discover more about music. he is one of the significant contributors to the catalogue of recorded flute music today.

pahud bought a 14-karat golden flute from brannen brothers in 1989. he bought a head joint from another flute maker. the flute body is one of the only flute makers that produce a decent Cooper scale.

Linda Brigitta Sembrant was a former professional footballer. she last played as a centre back for the damallsvenskan club. she was loaned to defending Serie A champions Juventus.

sembrant was withdrawn from the squad for the 2012 world cup. she was withdrawn from the squad for the 2012 world cup. she was also withdrawn from the squad for the 2012 london 2012. she is in a relationship with italian footballer Lisa Boattin.

pollinators are essential in the process of pollen transfer. pollinators are essential in the process of pollen transfer. pollinators are essential in the process of pollen transfer. directional selection may lead to the fixation of this phenotype.

experiments using two morphs have revealed that bumblebees prefer to visit the common morph when rewards associated with both morphs are equal. this pattern is consistent for a variety of nectar concentrations. an exception occurs when one morph contains variable amounts of nectar.

bumblebees prefer the relatively common corolla color, but in other studies there did not appear to be any observable pattern of bee visitation behavior. this discrepancy may be due to the fact that laboratory studies use highly contrasting corolla colors.

predators tend to select the most common morph in a population or species. it is clear that plant-pollinator interactions differ from predator-prey relationships. but it has been suggested that cognitive constraints may limit pollinators from identifying and handling more than one floral type at a time.

pollinators prefer to exclusively forage on one morph for a variable amount of time. selectively foraging on the common morph can occur without invoking a learned response. pollinators appear to forage in a negative frequency-dependent manner when flowers do not provide nectar rewards, likely to avoid unrewarding morphs.

morph populations that are visited by naive pollinators are also likely to be found at low frequencies relative to rewarding morphs. if pollinators visit deceptive species, it is unlikely they will have the opportunity to relocate this information to their long-term memory.

the Philemon Sage House is a historic house in southwestern Sandisfield, Massachusetts. it is located in a rural setting of southwestern Sandisfield, at the southwest corner of Sandy Brook Turnpike and Rood Hill Road. it is a 2+12-story wood-frame structure, with a 5-bay facade, side-gable roof, twin chimneys on the center ridgeline, and clapboard siding.

Castell'Arquato is a medieval town in the province of Piacenza. it is 30 kilometres from Piacenza and 35 kilometres from Parma. it is one of I Borghi più belli d'Italia.

the bishop of Piacenza Grimerio chose Castell’Arquato as his home. the bishop gave his land in the burg and the territory in Emphyteusis. the bishop gave his land to the burg and to the homines of Castell’Arquato.

the podestà is rule ended in 1290 when Alberto Scotti became lord of Piacenza. the burg was governed by the emperor is emperor, the merchant class and the artisanal corporations. the burg was governed by the emperor is emperor, the emperor and the artisanal corporations.

from 1416 to 1470 the town was called Castel Visconti. in 1438 the town was called Castel Visconti. the town was called Castell'Arquato. the town was named after the king of the king of the king of the king.

781 Kbi Twin Lakes is a complex of two large lakes in Lake Clark National Park. it contains a 6-mile-long upper lake and a smaller 4-mile-long lower lake. the lakes outflow westward into the Chilikadrotna river.

he was one of six new councillors elected for the city in the 1991 municipal election. at 27, he became one of Ontario is youngest elected officials. he was re-elected to the York council in the 1994 election.

he was defeated in the 2003 campaign in the eastern part of the former city of North York. he was a right-wing councillor and an ally of mayor Mel Lastman. he sought to have Howard Moscoe removed as a councillor in 1999.

in 2010 municipal election, Davis ran unsuccessfully for mayor of Toronto. in 2023, Davis ran for mayor of Toronto, ending up in 22nd place. song appears as the second track on their fourth studio album, Ixnay on the Hombre.

laRue studied the habitat and dispersal of cougars. she was appointed a full professor at the University of Canterbury. she received a Rutherford Discovery Fellowship to study populations of crabeater seals.

the couple helped finance construction of first Presbyterian church in 1857. before Jane died in 1907, she asked that a chapel be built for the people of Eau Claire. the chapel is a steep-roofed one-story Neogothic-styled building.

the fourth season of Baddies premiered on the Zeus Network on september 17, 2023. the show is filmed throughout the eastern part of the united states. the show is filmed in the eastern part of the united states.

this is the final season to feature Chrisean Rock and Stunna Girl as cast members. the cast is a 'Special Guest' two seasons later on Baddies Mid-west to have a sitdown talk with previous castmate/sister 'Tesehki' to hopefully resolve past issues.

the Bumping River is a tributary of the Naches River, in Washington in the united states. it flows northeast to Bumping Lake, a natural lake regulated by Bumping Lake Dam.

the Indonesian identity card is a compulsory identity card for Indonesian citizens and residents with a valid resident permit. the card is issued upon reaching the age of 17 or upon marriage.

the Japanese occupation ID card was made from paper. it was much wider than the current KTP. it featured Japanese and Indonesian text. the holder was forced to swear allegiance to the invaders.

the e-KTP was trialed in six areas in 2009 and launched nationwide in 2011. the card contains a microchip, unique serial number and can be used for multiple applications for government services. it is supposed to be more durable, contains a microchip, unique serial number and can be used for multiple applications for government services.

e-KTP data has no expiration date, even if the cards show expiration dates. some cultures like Javanese culture does not have surnames or family names. the card requires identification with one of the six officially recognised religions in Indonesia.

the trial project encountered numerous technical troubles and alleged corruption. the trial project was conducted by the Lintas Peruri Solusi consortium. the prosecutor is office dropped its investigation in January 2012. the project went ahead nationwide in 2011.

house speaker setya Novanto was declared a suspect in the embezzlement of e-KTP funds. he denied any wrongdoing and failed to meet two summonses for questioning. he was sentenced to 15 years in jail for his role in the scandal.

Brandy is a 1972 song by looking Glass. the song was written by a guitarist and co-vocalist Elliot Lurie. the lyrics tell of a barmaid in a busy seaport harbor town.

Brandy was the number one record in DC without a single copy yet sold. the single was released in 1972. the song was the first full year after the song is popularity. the song was released in 1972.

Birger Kristian Eriksen was a military officer in the early hours of 1940. he was instrumental in stopping the first wave of Gruppe 5 of the German invasion force. he was the commander of Oscarsborg fortress when Nazi Germany attacked Norway.

he was honoured for his efforts after the war. he was honoured for his efforts after the war. he was also criticized by investigators who felt he surrendered his fortress sooner than needed.

the funeral service took place at Oslo New Crematorium. the urn with Eriksen is ashes was buried at Drbak Church. it is a great honour for a Norwegian to be buried in the reslunden there.

a cricketer who played first-class cricket for Leicestershire county cricket club between 1895 and 1946. he played one test match for England against Australia at Lord is in 1909. in 1898 he appeared to have established himself as a regular player.

in 1906 King was the last batsman to have been given out hit the ball twice in a first-class game in England. he stopped the ball from running onto his stumps by hitting it a second time. in 1909, he was asked to play for England against Australia at Lord is.
